[DOCS-8448] Add missing RUM iOS API (#25122)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/real_user_monitoring/mobile_and_tv_monitoring/data_collected/ios.md

| `error.type`     | string | The error type (or error code in some cases).                                    |
| `error.message`  | string | A concise, human-readable, one-line message explaining the event.                |
| `error.stack`    | string | The stack trace or complementary information about the error.                    |
| `error.issue_id` | string | The stack trace or complementary information about the error.   

> | `error.category` | string | The high-level grouping for the type of error. Possible values are `Memory Warning` or `Watchdog Termination`, `App Hang`, or `Exception`. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `error.category` | string | The high-level grouping for the type of error. Possible values are `Memory Warning`, `Watchdog Termination`, `App Hang`, or `Exception`. |
```

> | `error.file` | string | File where the error happened for the Error Tracking issue. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `error.file` | string | File where the issue found by Error Tracking occurred. |
```

| `error.is_crash` | boolean | Indicates whether the error caused the application to crash. |

> | `freeze.duration` | int64 | Duration of the main thread freeze (in ns). This is only supported for App Hangs. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `freeze.duration` | int64 | Duration of the main thread freeze (in nanoseconds). This is only supported for App Hangs. |
```
